The cool thing about this routing section is all the things you learned before will work just like
you learned it but now you are able to simply switch out different components in your application through
the router and therefore load different pieces dynamically.
So where do we start?
I do have a nice little application here, as you already know it mostly with bootstrap imported in the index.html
file and then in this app.vue file, just a relatively empty template but you see I already also created
some components which we'll use, you'll find the starting project attached to this lecture.
I did create a couple of components which are pretty much empty and only display what they contain basically
so that we are able to select the user and so on,
I created these components because for routing, it's all about dynamically switching these components.
These components can kind of represent our pages if you want to look at it like this
and therefore, it's key to have multiple of them so that we can demonstrate this.
Well let's start simple
and let's actually begin with setting up our application here and add some routes to it.
For that we need the vue router like in the last lecture or the last module excuse me where we use
the vue resource package,
now I'm going to install a third party package, the vue router because it's not included in vuejs by default
because vuejs in its core maybe use like we used it before, to only dump in certain widgets or pieces
into existing applications into multi-page applications,
but with this package we can now enable single page features.
So here, npm and then install --save to save it as a production dependency vue router, now
by hitting enter,
this will pull down the router and install it and is finished and it automatically installs the 2.0 version
of the router which is the one for vuejs 2.0 which we are of course using in this course.
So the router was installed here
and with that router installed, it's time to set up some routes in the next video.